module: add autoGenerateKeys and autoEnrollKeys option (#509)
nix-community/lanzaboote: docs/how-to-guides/automatically-generate-keys.md

# Automatically Generate Keys

You can automatically generate Secure Boot keys in the directory specified via
`boot.lanzaboote.pkiBundle` when they do not exist yet via a Lanzaboote option:
```nix
boot.lanzaboote.autoGenerateKeys.enable = true;
```

> Note that you Lanzaboote does nothing to keep your keys secure. You need to do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that Lanzaboote cannot keep your keys secure. You need to do
```
